alright this guy might be the king of side hustles he makes about $3,000,000 a year off of 6 or 7 different side hustles different streams of income and normally all the advice you hear is about focus focus go all in on 1 thing this guy is like mister shiny object syndrome so i love to have him on he's very fun and he comes on and he tells you the side hustle ideas that he loves so things that you could do they're kinda weird businesses but you could do them really in any local market and on this podcast sometimes we have really brilliant people but they talk about stuff that's for most people not something they could go do it's interesting to hear but you can't really do it this is an episode i'm gonna send to my sister you know my brother-in-law because i think they would like to do these businesses i think these are things that anybody actually can do and get to where he's gotten where i think he's making $8,000 per day of free cash flow off of these side hustles per day that's pretty crazy
so enjoy this episode it's all about the weird crazy side hustles that anybody could do if you just got a little bit of hustle alright what's up we got chris here chris you are a crazy guy you're a madman and 1 of the reasons i wanted you on here is because most business advice on the internet sounds like this you gotta focus you gotta lock in you gotta grind you have to just go all in on 1 thing focus focus focus and you're like the exact opposite you're a dude who right you see a shiny object you chase it and you're not ashamed to say it that's actually your strategy we were talking before this and you were telling me that you have i think started 30 different businesses that crossed over 50,000 in revenue maybe 35 you said you have 6 different revenue streams right
now that each produce over a $100,000 of cash flow for you and i was doing the math on some of your numbers and i think basically just on your side hustles you're making like $8,000 a day of cash flow and i think that is amazing i wanna hear what your side hustles are i wanna hear what other side hustles you found because you find these like random simple businesses that are cool i wanna hear which ones you think are cool that other people can go do for their own side hustles and i wanna hear your philosophy as you go because again i think you defy some of the odds that sounds perfect absolutely let's do it
so tell me about some of the ideas you have that other people could do
dude i think you should pull up that video of the hole in 1 golf challenge this is 1 that i can't get out of my head alright so here we go
look at this freaking thing right here and i see a basically a a golf putting green so like the the or just the part where the hole is and it's just floating out in the ocean and you said that this driving range in new zealand pays out $10,000 if you hit a hole in 1 it's a 111 yards away you get this like plaque if you hit the hole in 1 and so what what is the business here they basically they it's like a carnival game they charge you a little bit to try to hit a hole in 1 is that it
yeah it's kind of like think of like unbundling a carnival it's mhmm the business is math they're just using math right and here's the math the the average amateur golfer and i don't golf i hate golf has a 1 in 25000 chance of getting a hole in 1 on a par 3 which this is k and so this company in new zealand it's right off the road on this lake they have announced multiple times that they pay out on average once every 2 weeks so i can use math to say alright these guys and i know how much they sell balls for it's like $40 for 25 balls or something and they have a sensor in the hole and they have divers go get the balls every couple weeks yeah there's like a scuba diver yeah swimming around the thing is he there all the time or he just does that once a week goes and gets all the balls just once a week and
so i can surmise based on math and statistics that this place net profits like 3 to $500,000 a year which is there's nothing to see there it's a little stand with a floating green 1 guy just standing there with an ipad so why isn't this all over the place
wait so you said this is just roadside in new zealand
there's 1 there's 1 of these in the world that i know of off the side of a road in new zealand
but it's off the side of the road it's not even like near a golf course or tourist attraction you're just saying this is just in a random area right now yeah alright so let's say we wanted to do this let's brainstorm this together and maybe we'll actually do this maybe we'll find a a listener to run this for us to make it happen but like we'll make this a mfm case study alright mhmm so how would we do this in order to make this happen you know quickly like get momentum and then have it actually work have it actually be successful
so to me it's all about piggybacking right i don't wanna guess where the golfers are like right there are no golfers where this place is but how much better would they be doing if there was all already a captive audience right there and so i would just find 1 golf course you know how you you go you go to golf course and like after the eighteenth hole there's just like a putting green where you can chill it would be like that okay take your nearest pond put a floating green out there put a tee and have a little ipad with a stand and say here's your ball just like a driving range 20 balls $20 or whatever $10,000 if you get a hole in 1 and it's a way for a golf course to earn additional revenue they're not about to build a floating green and work out the logistics of the point of sale
so you could yeah you could do this as a service and say we'll install this you're gonna have more net income without doing any work we're gonna take 30% of all your revenue as a fee
okay i kinda love this idea but you need the water for this floating thing right or what do you what are you suggesting so like how would you do this if the golf course is not situated by like you know like in this case it's like the ocean or whatever
like i think i'm glad you brought that up because i think the water is a key point like as men we wanna throw rocks in the water
yeah i'm just i think visually there's a there's a there's something that it like my testosterone went up like 15 points just looking at this like i could i could do this right like if it was literally just like oh like here's just like a hole here's those the nineteenth hole right you could do that you could brand it oh this is the nineteenth hole but just having that obstacle of mother nature there
yes
there's something to that
i mean you win either way so you get it on the green you feel awesome you get a hole in 1 you win $10,000 you really feel awesome you miss you see a splash you can't lose or worst case scenario you're just playing golf you're paying you're paying money to play golf which is why you're there in the first place
and you're gonna get content out of this also oh yeah have your buddy film you or we set up a camera here where you get like an instagram worthy story for yes you know for for this thing how how much do you say people pay to take a swing at this or you know they buy 10 balls or
they do it's like 30 it's like $20 or like $35 for 20 balls or $50 for 40 balls something like that
oh so you get like 20 to 40 hacks at it to do it uh-huh yeah that's pretty good
and every guy thinks he can do it right of course
or that today might be a good day and also golf you're already like i don't know what the average spend is of a golf day like of an of a golf outing i don't play golf personally but like there's the there's the actual like the cost to actually play that day on the course there's all the club's investment you've done there's the cab there's the tips there's the food there's the the beer along the way there's all this like money spent dude to spend an extra $40 to have a blast with your buddies at the end or to have a story or to just like you know do something at the end that's an absolute no brainer if you actually did this with the golf course i thought you were gonna say though that you would do it just on the route to the golf course you know there's a lot of golfer traffic who's gonna take a roadside stop here and and try to do this i mean you could do that too like i'm picturing like a freeway with a a lake over to the right and an exit nearby you rent the billboard right above it arrow pointing down $10,000 for a floating hole in 1 and people can just pull off and do it like it doesn't have to be a golf course i like you could use the same principle and to me the principle is just math as a service right we're calling this a mask business okay right and it's like let's say you have a 1 in a 100 chance it's a it's a it's an outdoor casino yes exactly right exactly what what is a slot machine what is roulette what is craps what are all these games these are games where the house just said cool we'll take an edge we'll take a math edge and you get to play and have fun right yeah but we we take the edge and that what you're saying is to do the same thing yeah even like a putting green in a mall or something or or a walkable outdoor shopping area let's say you've got like a 1 in 500 chance of making a 30 foot putt right
so you say hey 30 foot putt you get it we'll give you $500 and you just do the math and you say alright i'm you know every $3,000 i get i'm gonna pay out $500 statistically speaking
dude i love this idea if you if you wanna do this idea email me sean at sean puri and then me and chris we will we will help you do this and we will document the journey we'll put it out there in the public we'll kinda make it a thing because i think part of it is the branding and the novelty factor and you wanna see this online first and then people will actually drive out to do it or they'll plan to stop not just whoever happens to see it and understand it while they're driving 50 miles an hour down a road you know what i mean
yeah i like the name nineteenth hole that's a good 1 it's good right we might need to snag that domain name before this goes live
alright this episode is brought to you by hubspot they're doing a big conference this is their big 1 they do called inbound they have a ton of great speakers that are coming to san francisco september 3 to september 5 and it's got a pretty incredible lineup they have comedians like amy poehler they have dario from anthropic dorkesh sean evans from hot ones and if you're somebody who's in marketing or sales or ai and you just wanna know what's going on what's coming next it's a great event to go to and hey guess what i'm gonna be there you can go to inbound.com/register to get your ticket to inbound 2025 again september in san francisco hope to see you there alright
so i love the hole in 1 golf course alright give me the next side hustle idea
okay well i wanna talk about facebook marketplace i feel like there's an entire economy in facebook marketplace there are 7 figure business owners let's say fencing business all they do is post to facebook marketplace organically once a week to get all their leads
by the way facebook marketplace has 1,000,000,000 monthly active users just that tab
crazy and no one's talking about it what are we doing so i've got a i've got a story for you i've got a story
and by the way just explain the thing you just said real quick before you go to your story so you said there's people who own like local fencing companies their entire sales machine is posting on facemark list fencing services is that what you're saying or answering the request for fencing server what are they actually doing
yeah like they're just posting hey i put up fences cedar 6 foot $8 per linear foot and then people message him and he goes out and gives a quote and he has a $7,000 job like there's nothing paid there's no paid ads this is just 1 organic post that takes him 5 minutes and he'll refresh it every couple days
dude i don't know if you saw this we did this episode with high schoolers i think it was like a high school version of shark tank
i saw that yeah
and there was a kid who was i think 17 18 years old and his entire business i forget forget even what the service was it was home services of some kind i don't remember
what the like window washing or something
yeah it was like window washing or like oh it was gutter cleaning
gutter cleaning
was their their their highlight thing it was like gutter cleaning and his entire business model was off of nextdoor so he's like yeah i just started this in my neighborhood where i live i went on nextdoor and i said that i do this and i serviced you know the last year i serviced 60 homes in this neighborhood of 600 homes or whatever it was for gutter cleaning and that generated i'm making up the numbers now because i don't remember off top of my head but it was like 500,000 in revenue and we were like mhmm what and he's like yeah just post on there that this is what i do and then it's people in our neighborhood and i was like so could you post in the
next neighborhood he's like yeah i'm trying to figure out how to get around the you know like yeah i can i just haven't done that yet it's like wow this is everybody should do this like you know yeah what is my kid doing they are what are they teaching you in pre k right now we gotta get after it with this next door you know next door lead gen basically and so you're saying the same thing's happening at a bigger scale on facebook marketplace
yeah both great opportunities
okay great so tell me the story you're gonna tell me
yeah this is this is an outlier example k results not guaranteed but 20 20 21 china had canceled bitcoin mining right 2021 was a crazy year a lot of money being printed and we started a bitcoin mining facility and people were selling bitcoin miners and hosting services on facebook marketplace and so these miners cost $10,000 so you go type in the name of the model and you see them listed cool but i thought the the hosting price because if you buy a bitcoin miner you have to host it at like a data center and it's usually like $200 a month for the hosting fee
so i just posted organically a facebook marketplace bitcoin mining hosting service but instead of putting in the price of the miner which turns people off $10,000 $10,000
that's right
yeah i put in the price of the hosting $200 and then when you click into it in the description it's like it's actually 200 for hosting here's the cost of the minors i'm not exaggerating that 1 ad and i had it going on multiple accounts we would refresh it but no paid no paid did $9,800,000 all on facebook marketplace in 3 months profitably like this isn't like you're oh and we spent 9,800,000.0 in ads like
right
profitably that's like the potential and kind of an extreme outlier but i have other more and
you were so just to be clear you were selling miners that you that you already owned or what were you doing
we were preselling them and then ordering them from china so we had a positive cash flow con conversion cycle in addition to all
alright so you went on facebook ads you specifically did the marketplace ads is that right
not even ads we were just posting
just posting alright just organic posting and you're posting every day you're posting it you're posting it in every city did you set up like a farm to post these how'd you do that
yeah we used vas and multiple facebook accounts and we posted in multiple cities because most people wanna buy from someone local and the funnel was you know va answers response then they push them to a sales call because it's hard to sell something so expensive over the internet once they got on the sales call we would close like half of them right
so and so and then you would close them and then you'd go order that same thing from china because there's like a knowledge arbitrage here of like mhmm i don't know how to go or i don't trust spending $10,000 on alibaba or aliexpress and so you would then do that and you'd have a margin what was the rough margin on something like that call it 30%
30% like high ticket so
and this 1 i'm guessing didn't last in the sense that like you know in 2025 maybe the same market dynamics the demand the supply are not the same is that true
yep really the biggest variable here is like the frothiness of the mining market which is not good right now so i think this would work again if the mining market turned around more
when the time is like like would you do this like are you planning to do this again if the mining market you know gets gets hyped again
yes yeah
and how do you spend your money dude so let's say you make a few million dollars doing something like this
what do
you what does chris like to spend his money on
oh man i'm my family we go on cool vacations and starting more businesses i invest in real estate but i just i like starting businesses is my it's the only thing i know
but it seems like you start businesses that don't take a lot of capital
yeah that's true but i like investing like tripling down on businesses that are more mature along the way where i can see a clear path to growth with more capital
what's another facebook marketplace idea that somebody could do like is it as simple as hey i noticed that there are garage helping companies they're not currently active in my area i go talk to 10 business owners i say hey if i bring you a customer give me $300 or whatever it is and you do lead gen because that that business owner doesn't even think to do facebook marketplace activity to to drive leads most most service people most small business owners don't even think this way right
oh yeah yeah i mean you could literally build an agency to just post a facebook marketplace for business owners sells them the leads right
right
but you mentioned shelving i interviewed this guy named alex on my podcast the kerner office and he has a 6 figure business just building not shelving but garage shelving on wheels with costco totes like that's it only with organic facebook marketplace post and he net profits $180,000 a year that's the whole business right garage shelving on facebook marketplace alright he has a $300 saw and he goes and buys 2 by fours and he he didn't even have a truck for like the first year and a half right okay what are your other ideas i see a list of 10 here and we've probably done 2 or 3
so give me give me more
alright any idea or you
want you want no no any idea you want me to just call out 1 of these
just tee me up
yeah take local tourist traps and put them in your home market is this like the whole in 1 challenge or are you talking about something else
different yeah this is a good 1 so i went you've seen a arrest development i assume of course okay so there's money in the banana stand we all know that
i went to first day of business at harvard that's what they teach you yes
so i went to balboa island with my family last year and we went to the banana stand for whatever reason this 1 street it has like 7 banana stands and there's 1 that's supposedly the best and i shelled out like $8 each for these bananas covered in chocolate and nuts and i made a video about you know how much profit these guys make because as i went to the window i had to i asked her how many of these do you sell the day what's your busiest day ever what's your slowest day ever all these people are behind
me a lot do you want nuts or no nuts on a banana
people were waiting but i had to know and then to make matters worse i pull out my phone and make a video about how anyone could copy them so i'm a great guy
but
i don't remember the exact numbers steal your girl over here steal your banana this 1 little shop that's like 300 square feet is doing like 7,000,000 a year in frozen bananas like and what's the margin on an $8 banana with chocolate and peanuts and so i just thought like why isn't this like why isn't this a thing i didn't go to balboa island for the bananas once i was there i i got them but there are balboa islands all over the world and most of them have no banana stand like
so it's this idea isn't just about banana stand it's about taking something really unique and novel maybe it's like the old western timey photo booths that you see in pigeon forge maybe it's like funnel cake or like the mini donuts that you see in gatlinburg like take something like that and just test it i'm not saying it's gonna work but you could test it very very cheaply in other tourist markets or in non tourist markets
yeah that's interesting i wonder if that would work like i wonder how much of the appeal is that oh humans just like these kind of frozen chocolate bananas or is it that in that area on that street it's kinda known for this and you see a line and so you see the line you start doing it like i wonder if that like it's kinda like an organ transplant i wonder if there's like that you know donor rejection or is there the the host rejection of the of the organ when you put 1 of these in a new in a new area
it could be but i think that the greatest chance you've had you would have for success is taking specifically a tourist trap and putting it in a different tourist trap where it's like right this is a unique novel thing that people don't buy when they're home but like for instance i have a friend in in pigeon forge tennessee that owns an indoor sledding facility you can't tell me that wouldn't work in other tourist traps that have the same type of demographic there you know
yeah yeah that makes sense okay give me another 1 how about toasted tours what is this
this is a alright this this is in northern california by you this guy took a a 40 foot shipping container put it on the back of a semi truck cut out the walls put handrails on there put tables in there chairs in there and he takes people on wine tours
it's a party bus but it's not even a bus it's a shipping container that's open air open air yeah they like cut out the sides
yes and so i'm swiping instagram 1 day and i see this video that just broke my frame it's the shipping container and people are like dancing inside as it's going around a bend at a high rate of speed
and it's looks dangerous
what am i looking at but this guy crushes it like his first year and he had experience in doing like wine tours but nothing like this i think he did like over a million bucks his first year with like 60% margins
what i like about some of these is that they are visually viral mhmm so you know the definition of virality people get it wrong people think it's word-of-mouth word-of-mouth is actually a different thing word-of-mouth is i like this so much i wanna tell my friends about
it mhmm
viral is actually more like a sneeze you spread a virus without even wanting to spread it right this was like back when you know hotmail started i'm just sending you an email i'm not trying to tell you to use hotmail but because i'm sending you an email from my hotmail address and at the bottom it says i sent this via hotmail you know they they added that to the bottom of the email it spread like a virus and that's how you know a lot of the big viral services actually spread facebook was like this right i'm look i'm uploading photos i'm just tagging my friends i'm not trying to tell them hey you should join facebook i'm having a grand old time here they tagged a friend it sent them an email said you got tagged in a photo and people can't resist being like somebody put a photo up of me on the internet i must see this and that's how facebook grew early on it was like this this 1 viral loop and then there's this other types of virality 1 is like this visually viral where it's not like the people on this truck were trying to go tell everyone about it but it's
so novel looking that i can't help but look at it learn about it you know and and i think the the hole in 1 challenge has the same benefit which is like mhmm you see it it's super interesting to look at you get the concept right away and it's worth remarking on you're talking about it with people you notice it you wanna do it the act of somebody else doing it made you wanna do it and so i like these things that are sort of walking billboard style businesses because you know they market themselves once you get them going this episode is brought to you by hubspot media they have a cool new podcast that's for ai called the
next wave it's by matt wolf and nathan lanz and they're basically talking about all the new tools that are coming out how the landscape is changing what's going on with ai tech so if you wanna be up to date on ai tech it's a cool podcast you could check out listen to the next wave wherever you get your podcast
dude i i have some really good good examples of visually viral stuff have you seen that guy that does like he'll mow people's lawns for free please tell me
you've seen that
who's this guy okay this guy out of kansas or something young guy he owned a lawn care business small kind of struggling business and 1 day he sets up his tripod sb mowing and sb pressure washing he sets up a tripod in his driveway
youtube channel now right
so this guy has 45,000,000 followers across platforms combined 45,000,000 and all he does is he sets up a tripod he puts on a mic he walks up to the door he says hey your lawn looks like crap mind if i mow it for free what's the catch i publish this to youtube and make money cool and then he mows it for free with a time lapse video visually viral it yeah yes we wanna see the outcome the retention is there so the platforms push it like what is it gonna look like when he's done and this guy i mean what is the value of 45,000,000 social media followers versus the value of a local lawn care business right i mean dude look at this by the way like if you just sort by popular you know he stacks the thing
so there's the visual viral part of before and after which humans wanna complete that they want to know the the solution then you have the sort of novelty surprise factor like oh this guy's doing this for free that's interesting why i wanna know what's the answer here but then he stacks on drama so the top videos are angry home homeowner confronts me while i'm mowing this vacant home cop approaches me while i'm mowing this deserted home and tells me this homeowner stunned at how how wide the sidewalks are right her tears said it all my prayers have been answered
so this guy has this he works at it skill stack where he's got you know the the lawn care this sort of that's 1 skill that okay is worth you know only x dollars in the market of of the economy but then he stacks on being really good at content and those 2 together created a how many lawn care guys are really good at content i don't know 0 like you know the the number's less than a dozen and so suddenly he became rare and when you're rare you're valuable
exactly yeah that's really cool
okay so let's jump in side hustles and the ones that you currently have so let's do some of the fun ones the 1 i met you on is about buc ee's and so for people who don't know could you explain just how crazy of a business buc ee's is and then the side hustle you created off the back of buc ee's
yeah buc ee's is like your redneck disney gas station they're about half the size of a costco there's 51 locations and they do like 60 to 80,000,000 in revenue per year each and it's just if if you haven't been there there's nothing like it's like a really wait
wait wait so the math on that is like 3,000,000,000 in revenue on 50 gas stations
yeah yeah what yeah
what well i've never been to a buc ee's what what makes a buc ee's so great is it even a gas station or is it just something else with that happens to have gas
it's a brand with a gas station they have over a 100 pumps you walk in there's just things happening everywhere you've got tacos being made you've got people shouting about brisket you've got beaver nuggets t shirts like beavers walking around the the cleanest bathrooms you'll ever find there's nothing else like it you just walk in and you're you're amazed from the get go
okay before you tell me your side hustle off the back of that what's the quick kinda origin story of this has this been around for like a hundred years who started it like why is this so successful i mean i've never heard that $3,000,000,000 in revenue on 51 gas stations
they founded like 40 years ago it's a guy named arch he was called bucky as a kid and he opened a gas station and then they just started going bigger and bigger and bigger they just kept pushing the envelope and their whole signature was this mascot just this cheesy looking beaver that people just loved and so once they started selling merch t shirts and and tumblers and all that they just exploded and they're really unique in that they put themselves in far flung areas they're not like in the city they're on the way to a vacation or close to a vacation destination oh
so it's like the perfect rest stop right because yeah if anybody like i was just on a road trip we drove to tahoe and it's a 3 3 hour drive roughly but there's these patches where you need to stop in the middle and the bar is so low for rest stop experience right it's like you know it's basically a porta potty in a in a good scenario and then you get like the trucker rest stops then you get a gas station then you get like maybe a little strip mall with a starbucks but what you're saying is they built something actually like really cool out in that on those drives and that maybe is like 1 of the golden insights for them yeah it's just they you walk in and you're a captive audience you can buy lunch you can buy gas most people just park at the pump you can buy a t shirt and the average ticket i don't know what it is they're privately traded but people spend hundreds of dollars there you're not just like buying a celsius and and hopping out alright what is this business you created on top of buc ee's or like your side hustle for buc ee's yeah
so back to what you said about me not being able to focus i was in the middle of running this business that was growing and demanding all of our time and attention and i took my business partner to buc ee's and he was from utah it was his first time and on the way home i distinctly remember this i remember the overpass i was driving i'm ashamed to say i pulled out my phone and i said kirk these guys must kill it online and i said do you know what disney does like x billion just through their online merch store these guys must kill it so i go to buckies.com i look for the shop button and it wasn't there they didn't sell online anything not food snacks shirts anything and i just like i just sat there in silence i felt like capitalism was being murdered like what is why like what good reason is there for this and this was like 6 years ago and
so then we just started talking and we're just like what if what if we launched a website for them what if we went online for them because we were running a 3 p l third party logistics business at the time really hard business and we thought we could launch this business for them as like a permissionless way to get their business end to end and get them as a customer and maybe they'll try to sue us but worst case it'll be a great story
and so what'd you do
so the first thing i did was started cold emailing the founders the executive team everyone and saying hey you need to be online we can do it for you we'll build a shopify store we'll do everything end to end we have a warehouse shelf space etcetera no response just crickets so at that point it's like alright let's take this into our own hands
so most people give up there right
try to partner
most people won't even cold email but if you do cold email you give up when they don't reply
yep exactly so we bought beaversnacks.com because that's their mascot it was a beaver and i went to thumbtack and i hired a photographer for like $200 and i i documented all this i have pictures of all this i took my 4 kids and wife to the nearest buc ee's and my wife and i split up i said you get merch i'll get snacks if it has a buc ee's logo on it buy it like i don't want the doritos or the coke it because they white label a bunch of stuff right
like i
only want something with a buc ee's logo so we spent like $3,000 we had a receipt this long we took it back to the warehouse was the
lady like wow what are you what are you doing
they were everyone was looking at us and i'm like an introvert i hated it i felt so weird i'm like don't look at me just let let me do my thing so we bring it all back to the warehouse we put it in this office hire this photographer and she takes pictures of everything we upload it in a csv to shopify we launch a website beaversnacks.com and i say launch like nobody knew it existed so the first thing i did was start scraping and cold emailing every texas reporter i could find eater southern living texas monthly fox news 38 you know san antonio district you name it and i just start saying like here's who i am here's what i'm doing here's who i am here's what i'm doing and
so you weren't afraid because most people try to be laying low doing this because hey we don't have an official partnership you took the opposite approach you're like hey can i use this story to get some attention whether it be good or bad is that right
yeah because i thought like okay worst case scenario cease and desist we have great story for a podcast 1 day best case scenario we get them as a customer or this is a standalone business somewhere in between is gonna be interesting right maybe i have to fill my pantry with snacks like $3,000 worth of snacks and my kids eat for the next 7 years
we had a guest come on and he said you know do what makes the best story when in doubt like when you're at a fork in the road do whichever take whichever path will make the best story you chose the path that'll make the best story here okay so you yes and i heard that i
heard that episode and i thought that's me i agree with that so i also did my research and it's called first sale doctrine which means anyone can sell resell whatever they want they just can't pretend or imitate that brand right like the
k there's a
guy that imitated trader joe's to do what i did but he called himself pirate joe's the logo was similar the store layout was similar and he got sued out of existence so i thought okay as long as i say i am not buc ee's i'm a third party reseller and i'm clear about that they really don't have grounds to sue me so i started cold emailing people they loved the story and i started getting on the phone
with reporters and any tips on that so you know i've learned this with with with pr which is that there's pr is this very specific niche game and once you understand how a journalist thinks you can reverse engineer what you need to actually do so like for example our buddy ramon did this recently he went mega mega viral because and he knew this he texted me he called a shot he's like as soon as the tariff dues came out and some people thought this is gonna be horrible for businesses some people thought well why don't those businesses just make it in america we'll buy it if it's made in america and
so he launches an ab test on his website so he yeah afina.com it's like a shower a clean shower head so he was he runs it to ab test and he says you can either buy buy the 1 that's sourced out of china or you could buy the 1 that's sourced out of america and the american 1 costs a little bit more because it costs more to make it in america but you know here you go you have a choice and the results were something crazy 25,000 visits or something like that and there were literally 0 checkouts on the american product there was a few 100 on the on the on the asian made product and he goes to the journalist he ran the test because he knew look either the results are gonna show people will buy a made in america or they won't in either case i have a very strong story and he goes and he gets it written up it's been written up in like 40 major publications
now and he got tons of traffic to the site tons of backlinks his seo went way up it was a genius quick acting move on the back of the tariff news when most people were playing defense like me in ecom you're like oh shit i just need to survive he went and played offense so i was i'm curious do you have any tips from your experience about how to get people to actually write about you
yeah i mean you have to understand that reporters want something cool to write about i get dms all the time from people wanting something from me and 98% of them they have nothing interesting to talk about but if someone dm me and said hey i did this cool thing will you post about it i would because i wanna post about cool things
yeah you know my job is to post interesting things
yes please send it to me so once you realize that like do something interesting something cool and then go tell as many people as you can about it and a small percentage of them will post about it reporters included
how did you frame it at the time
i framed it as i am doing a viral marketing stunt and i wanna get bucky's attention and if i don't then i'm gonna run this business as well as i can
oh so you told the reporters that upfront
yeah oh okay gotcha
but by the way give us the headline because you know we're talking about this idles we haven't mentioned how well it's done can you give us some numbers that give us an idea of like the success of this
i mean i'll tell you what the headline literally was and it was like texas man makes $200 in his first 30 days reselling buc ee's goods online that was it and so texas monthly reached out to me they're the biggest texas news publication and they were like we love this we're gonna make this a feature story give me everything you can so we talked and we talked and talked then later that afternoon they're like chris good news bucky's in house counsel would love to chat and i'm like what's good about that like i'm dead i'm dead in the water and
so i was like okay you you told buc ee's great i'm glad you were able to get a hold of them so i get on the phone with him and he's like listen we actually don't mind what you're doing i don't like the name beaver snacks we're a beaver it's kinda confusing i don't like that your colors are yellow we're kinda yellow change the name put a disclaimer in your logo that is persist throughout the whole website put a disclaimer on every product page and you have our blessing like we're not gonna sign anything but we're not gonna come after you like we will support you and
so we did we made those changes and then they linked to
us on what a cool ass general counsel that's that's pretty rare
yeah yeah and then they link to us in their faqs
which
is like the most amazing backlink ever so on 1 hand going viral meant we got a million competitors and like all these copycats but on the other hand we have like the biggest seo moat that we could ever hope for
so wait how you skipped a step you said their headline was $200,000 in 30 days but you didn't say how you got the $200,000 in 30 days where how did you initially get that traction
it was all based on those viral articles we didn't do any paid ads we just went viral we put everything as in stock you know on shopify you can do that whether it's in stock or not and we just started selling out
so the articles initially must not have been 200,000 the articles initially were just like texas man starts shop to sell bucky stuff online
correct yeah yeah they've written about us since then but in the beginning it was texas man they called it texpats instead of expats they're like texas man launches online bucky store for texpats that was like the big headline
and that's how it was going on like a a person from texas who's no longer in texas but misses their stacks misses their bikes
and that that was the whole thesis because these buc ee's are in like ennis texas like these places that you'd never heard of because they're on the way to the beach and so if you fell in love with this random bohemian garlic jerky you could never buy it again
right
and so that's where we came in like buy it from us
and so how's this business doing now was this a flash in the pan or is it still doing well
this business has grown 20 to 50% per year every single year steady eddie we just we are completely riding on the coattails of buc ee's and we are not ashamed to admit that so can you
say how much revenue you guys are doing on this thing
we're doing between 3 and 500,000 a month profitably with very very little paid ad spend
and the the funny thing is here you go buy it retail right you don't have like a wholesale discount they're not they're not giving it to you at a cut so you you buy retail and then you just mark it up what $10.20 percent or something what do what do you do
we mark it up a 100%
oh okay because you're like if you want
it 20
if you want it that bad here this is the you know this is your way to get it
honestly we mark it up as much as we have to i mean you know ecommerce to make a 20% net margin and that happens to be about a 100% markup
right that's amazing okay so that's 1 of your side hustles we said that there was you know like 6 that were each you know 6 figures
i don't
know if we'll get to all 6 but give me another 1 so what's another of your side hustles right now that are contributing to your your cash flow
so we started a pet cremation business and that's a fun 1 that one's actually very profitable
that's a fun 1 it is fun for fun for you maybe yeah okay so explain how'd you get the idea and then what is it and how how'd you do it
okay so it all started with a relationship that my business partner had with a very high volume veterinary clinic here in dfw they do as much business as 5 veterinary clinics and he learned about the industry and how pet cremation has like 90 plus percent net margins it's a very old school business and so there's a but you know we've had this puppy boom during covid so all these puppies are 5 years old now with there's more dogs than children that's that's like the whole thesis there's more dogs than children it's only getting crazier and cremation has 90% margins most of the operators are 60 years old they're doing great they're doing fine they don't need ads they don't need organic and if you go look at the google keyword tool we saw that the search competition was low the ticket size was high and the the the search traffic was high
so we launched a business around that thesis so sorry so explain
you went to you went to the google ads keyword tool right that's where you went to to kinda diligence the the the demand for this
that's it
and you found obviously the holy grail low low competition high ticket and what was the third 1 growth or demand
like volume high volume low competition high ticket yeah holy grail
and so you start 1 of these and you're you're actually the service that does it or you're the lead gen
we are both we have 2 different businesses 1 is a programmatic seo site that generates leads for cremation facilities all over the country and then the other 1 is we're just a middleman we have refrigerated vans and we pick up the pets frozen from the facilities and deliver it from the veterinarians and then we deliver it to the cremation facilities and take a margin
okay gotcha and so tell me a little about this business i don't i know nothing about the pet cremation business what did you do in the first 90 days to make this business come to life because i like the speed with which you operate we're gonna talk about another 1 in a second that i think is like a a quick off the ground version of these ideas and you very much are a 0 to 1 kinda guy like i like that you do a lot of different things i like that you're high energy and you're basically like not lazy there's a lot of people out here who sell this kinda like side hustle passive income there's nothing passive about you i feel like you are mister active actually in the sense that you get it through once you have an idea you know i have this phrase like you know inspiration is perishable ideas are avocados they go brown very quickly and i think what's great about you is that you don't let the ideas and the inspiration perish you actually act on it very quickly and you have you have a high high bias for action
so what are the first 90 years 90 or so days look like when you have a new idea and maybe you could use this 1 as an example or if not you could use a different 1
yeah i focus most of my energy on validating the idea with like some ad spend or a couple conversations or whatnot i i don't do any like extensive market research i don't talk to any potential customers and i'm not saying there's not value in that that's just not how i roll i really really like using tools like facebook like general publicly available tools that most people know and love
stuff i could do from my boxers at home that's what i like
right yes and a lot of times by the end of the day i realize oh this is a dud let's move on right but also a lot of the times by the end of the day i'm like oh wow there's something here my thesis was true let's let's put another day into this
so so like what what would you do in this pet cremation business what did you do
so the thesis here started with this relationship that my business partner had and the pitch was let's get the the cremation facility owner and the veterinary clinic owner in the same room together and pitch them this like win win hey we're gonna get you more veterinarian clinics because we're really good at sales okay and then to the vet hey you need to raise your prices you're way too low you're gonna make even more margin working through a middleman believe it or not because we're gonna be we're gonna only do 1 thing we're gonna pick up pets and we're gonna drop them off and
so there was a big conflict of interest interest here because the cremation facility owner was about to lose some margin but he was like we were selling him on the fact that we would bring him a lot more customers and so basically this was a good like example of what i normally do if that conversation doesn't go well i don't launch the business i just move on
and you weren't afraid that when you put those 2 in the same room they're like great yeah we should do this who's this guy what is it why why do we need this guy did you see any risk in putting yourself there as the middleman with this and and actually connecting the 2 dots the really high volume vet clinic with the information service that you thought they should be using
well the thing is is that they were already working together right and so what you're saying was correct that was the risk we we insert ourselves
you're saying there was some friction there was some friction that you were offering to remove is that right yeah and the friction in this case was what
it was that the the veterinary or the cremation facility owner made all his margin on the actually doing the cremation and he was losing money on all the logistics
okay
but this customer we were talking to was 1 of his biggest customers and so we were saying hey you're gonna lose some margin on this biggest customer because we're inserting ourselves we're gonna take some of it but we're gonna more than compensate for it by a removing that logistics off your plate and b finding you more veterinary clinics
and then for the vet clinic you were saying hey raise your price a little bit and that we we need to be able to do that for to make this work
yep and so our thesis was if that conversation doesn't go well the the business several days right it's a an asymmetric bet
but if it does then we have you know the the hardest part we have customers and revenue through the door from day 1 if if they if they're if they agree to this exactly yeah and then you went and tried to recreate that with know getting 15 other veterinary solutions now most of them i assume would already have had a partner or some vendors for cremation services and so what's your sales pitch to them how did you go and get more customers on board
yeah our sales pitch was like our competitors were very unsophisticated like they would literally walk through the front door of a veterinary clinic get the frozen dogs put them in a bag and then walk out the waiting room and so our pitch was like that's our competition we will never do that we'll pull out back unmarked van we'll be very caring and respectful in some cases they don't even have to pay anymore and we'll just be we'll just pick up the phone and be reliable that was the pitch
and is there something to learn here about like you know there's so many of these simple businesses where the bar is really low or people are simply not doing any outreach they're not doing any door to door sales like have you made a killing in just you know warren buffett has said this before he goes the secret to winning is low comp is is is weak competition right like mhmm he's not looking to prove that he's a genius at the hardest games he's looking for very weak competition where he can simply be competent and he can just do best practices
oh dude like it is so true we see it on twitter all the time like just go go find a a business with a fax machine and compete against him like yes that actually works i we own a tree trimming business and a big bottleneck for us is stump grinding so we thought i thought man there needs to be a business that's just stump grinding but b to b not stump grinding that goes through homeowners but only the ones that goes through the other tree trimming companies because we own a tree trimming company and we could see it from the inside
so i had a thesis i hired a virtual assistant and today i would just use an ai voice agent and i took the city of houston and i scraped every single tree trimming business in houston there was about a thousand and i had this virtual assistant call every single 1 and notate did they answer did the number work if they did answer say do you use grind stumps if yes then would you ever outsource that if yes then how much would you pay so i spent like $200 getting this research
i i i'm not familiar with the tree trimming business surprise surprise so why does a tree trimming business not also do the stumps why is that a separate problem that they don't like to deal with
yeah great question so a tree trimming business needs sometimes a bucket truck to get up high and a chainsaw right but that's only half the battle then you gotta get the stump out of the ground or else you know you can't grow grass there and so it's a a stump grinder you've gotta pull on a trailer whereas before you don't even need a trailer it's just a whole different system and they gotta go rent it they stand in line they pay $300 they rent it they put gas in it they drive it back to the job site they grind it then they gotta bring it back and it's like it it eats into their profit and so i thought okay if a tree trimming company could just outsource all of their sump grinding b to b only is there an opportunity there
so the assistant goes she calls everybody she asked them would they be willing to to outsource that and are people just saying yeah yeah we we'd be willing to outsource that is that like a can you get that clear of
a signal just off of a a va's phone call so only 22% of people answered the phone
that's it
and of the ones that did almost half of them said if i could outsource this i would gladly and then we then we even got further down the script and said would you pay 7 $7 per inch or whatever of diameter yes and then i published all that info on my podcast and people went out and started some grinding businesses with the exact thesis and we learned yeah pick an industry where people seem to be doing well and call all of them see how many answer their phone you can cross reference that against like the google keyword tool and you know publicly available stuff and see how much demand for supply is there in any given market
alright this episode is brought to you by mercury they are the finance platform of choice for over 200,000 companies shouldn't be surprised because i use it myself for not 1 not 2 but i have 8 different mercury accounts i have 7 for different companies that i'm a part of and then i have my own personal account because now they have personal banking which is a really cool feature i highly highly recommend it like i said i use it myself and the reason why is because the way that mercury works is beautiful it's very intuitive and you could tell that it's actually made by a startup founder it's an entrepreneur you could tell it's made by somebody who used other banking products in the past and didn't like all the different rough edges and and annoyances and decided to you know actually fix it himself and really any type of entrepreneur you are let's say you're an agency well 1 of the things every agency has to do is be able to send invoices easily create them send them to customers and stay current on your balances with all your customers well you could do that inside mercury and
so i think that mercury is great highly recommend you check it out and thank you for sponsoring the show for more information check out mercury.com mercury is a financial technology company not a bank check show notes for details okay i like that you did 1 recently you had this instagram video i'm gonna actually play it here but i love this video for a couple of reasons 1 just the idea is fun but the but 2 like you know your energy and what you're describing here is is pretty great so here i'll love this this is you talking about starting a pickleball facility this freaking thing right here i'm right here in my warehouse slash shop it is 2,100 square feet and i'm putting a business here it's called secret pickleball and it's gonna be $99 a month i'm gonna cap it at 200 members 20,000 thousand dollars a month there are 7,700 people within 10 minutes of here that play pickleball every week and i just need 200 of them to make this a 6 figure business no employees 24 7 key card access right there cameras bathroom vending machines all ready in the
next 60 days we're adding drywall we're painting lines add the bathroom back there if you wanna watch me fail or you wanna watch me win follow and i'll document the whole journey
we'll get the full business plan here basically you're standing in this warehouse and it's and you're like look at this freaking thing right here which is how you start all of your videos which i think is a hilarious little hook so can you add some color to this so where's the what's the origin of this idea how's this going tell me tell me more about this idea
yeah so that shop that i'm in in the video is in my back backyard basically it's at the back of my property historically i've rented it out to landscaping businesses for like 25 years old
like a ranch or something what what is this
it's 3 acres and it's very like yeah it's at the back of my of my property and so i was just thinking like what is the best and highest use of this property and have you ever been to secret pizza in i think it's the cosmo in vegas
yeah have you been there yeah i love that place
yeah that place does like 9,000,000 a year in pizza and they don't have a google profile or no website yeah
if people haven't been there it's like 5 feet wide it's like a tidy hallway like in high school if your locker was like on the side it's basically that and they just sell slices of pizza at the cosmo hotel in vegas
yes so i was going for that like i call it secret pickleball and i i just thought okay i'm gonna run some facebook ads i'm gonna go to my shop i'm gonna take 3 videos i'm gonna a b c test them on facebook ads instant form 6 mile radius
oh sorry was your ad a video like this where you're saying i'm gonna build this here yes or was it like a a mock up
that was 1 of the 3 yeah the 1 you showed was 1 of my 3 ads yeah
and what were the other 2 were they like finished product like a rendering or what what did you do with the other 2
1 of them had like an ai really bad ai image rendering like overlay for a split second but that's it i'm just standing in this empty warehouse
and when you say i ran some facebook ads give people a sense of how you do that right everyone again i know who does this they have you know a certain budget like hey i'm gonna run 5 i'm gonna spend $500 and i'm looking for maybe this cost per click or i'm looking for this much net conversion of people signing up to my wait list or or they even have a fake checkout and then they refund people afterwards saying like hey sorry this doesn't actually exist yet or you know i'm yep we got delayed they don't but it'll be out soon i refunded you for now but you know it's coming and they're looking for that funnel the metrics to to sort of validate that hey cool if this works at $500 i think i'd be able to spend maybe a thousand or $5,000 in order to get my 200 members or you know $50,000 to get my 200 members whatever it is yeah can you explain your method for facebook ad testing this yeah for sure
so i used 1 campaign and then 3 ad sets and 3 ads 1 video for each ad set and i started it at $25 a day per video so $75 a day total my ad was a facebook instant form asking for name phone email then after the instant form it it forwarded them to a type form with 19 questions that are very granular what is your skill level at pickleball how often do you play how do you do doubles or singles because all of this is gonna determine how many members i can take on and the whole the whole thesis is to be 1 pickleball court indoors nice private air conditioning that people pay 1 to $200 a month for
so i don't want the pros that play twice a day i like it's a very finite resource i want people that hardly ever play like the planet fitness model except expensive
i want i want to eat
it too yeah yeah yeah but i knew 5% of americans play pickleball weekly and i knew within 6 miles of me there's 200,000 people so i needed like there's like 5 to 7,000 people in my tam my local tam right and i was hoping that i could convert someone for a $100 because my guess is that the ltv the lifetime value is gonna be about a thousand dollars but i think it's actually a lot more because no 1 plays pickleball alone so i get 1 customer they're gonna bring 2 to 3 or 4 right what i learned was i'm converting like i don't the ltv is still to be determined but i'm able to convert new customers at $12 each and
so how many members does this secret does this exist now like this i don't know when you post this
building it out i'm i'm literally putting a septic tank in the building right now like it's being built out but i'm accepting yours
gonna cost you to do this alright so you already had the structure there how much are you gonna put into making a pickleball court to bring this idea to life
on the low end 20,000 realistically 30 to 40
that's it wow i would have guessed it's more
yeah well it has air conditioning i i need to expand the building because i need room for a bathroom and then i need to add a bathroom so if if i didn't need a bathroom it would be much less and then i need to paint lines
so anybody could just google maps pickleball court in your area right like wherever you live you could google maps pickleball you could just take a map and you could be like where is there not space and then you could go drive them and just see oh wow that one's kinda shitty or it's outdoors right or this 1 over here it's always overrun it's always packed and you could literally just map out that oh wow i just need to take an industrial space and convert it to a a private pickleball gym a membership right 1 court 2 court 3 court whatever and
so the math you're saying here are you charging a $100 or what'd you end up charging i'm gonna end up charging $1.49 alright so you're so you're charging $1.49 are you still targeting 200 members or did you find out that that assumption was too high or too low
it's it's i can accept around a 150 members if i accept the right members
alright and so you're talking about 22,000 a month of top line revenue from this and you're saying it might cost you in this case $20 $30 to to build i think somebody else let's just assume it's even $75,000 let's triple the price to to build out because maybe their space needs it or you're just being conservative so you got 22,000 coming in top line is there any opex here do you need a person there is it like do you have a key membership thing like that do you need what is your monthly cost in terms of like you know roughly you think utilities everything else yeah key card entry $24.07 online booking system through a third party app cameras no employees cleaner that comes there and i'm gonna use the cleaner i use for my house she'll go go there like 2 to 4 times a week depending on how dirty it gets insurance utilities internet it's like we're talking including cleaning 1,500 a month 2,000 a month alright
so
we're talking about like you know 90% profit margins on this but let's be conservative let's even say 80% mhmm that would be roughly generating about 17 to 18,000 a month in cash flow off of pickleball off of 1 pickleball court yeah that that's pretty crazy to me
yeah and it's actually pretty unique i use deep research to to see if are there any other private indoor courts that only have 1 to 2 courts because there's a lot of franchises that have 15 courts and a lot of the haters on twitter were saying that like no 1 no 1 would pay for this because people they want multiple courts they want other people to see and play pickleball i'm like dude nobody wants to be seen playing pickleball
well no but maybe they just don't wanna wait right you know they want to be available
they're not able to get courts and so there there are very few of these and anyone this is something anyone could do like with some facebook ads you don't need to buy a building or have a building you could go rent a building and and run some facebook ads before you even sign a lease like what are we talking about
what are we doing here what are we doing alright now let's be realistic because you know there's a lot of people on the internet who will say it's so good so easy look at this the math is the math is mathing where does a business like this actually suck you've done enough businesses now to know that there is no such thing as these like perfect businesses so in this 1 realistically why would this fail what might you be getting wrong here or maybe at least like why would the numbers not be as rosy as they sound right now
yeah it's gonna be like customer support inquiries like that are a lot higher than i thought things breaking the ac going out in july in texas zoning issues it's not the type of business where you're gonna have a hard time finding customers but pick your problems there will always be problems i think it's gonna be customer support and you know getting calls at 3 in the morning from someone that's playing this random game in the middle of the night and the ac went out
what sort of problems do you like to pick
i would love to not have to worry about customer acquisition and operations like i am terrible at operations i i would much rather try to sell or market something than operate it so if it's marketing heavy and i don't have an issue finding customers that's my business
and then the operations either being simple or you offloaded it to somebody else
yeah exactly
give me some of your beliefs here so what what like you do all these random things you have all these random ideas actions come from thoughts thoughts come from beliefs and so what are the beliefs that are leading you to do all these random actions like starting this pickleball secret pickleball court or going and and you know being like bucky should sell online i'll do it for them and now i'm gonna do this as a publicity stunt maybe they'll partner with them maybe this will work i don't know maybe it'll just be a good story and i'll get sued out of existence like what are some of the beliefs that you have we talked about 1 at the front which is like focus is overrated mhmm talk about that 1 then give me some of your other ones yeah i think focus is overrated because compounding doesn't care like the the principle of compounding does not care if we're working on 1 thing or a dozen things as long as we stay in the game whatever that game is for us and keep going compounding is just gonna keep going with us right
so if you're curious about something like let's say you're you've got a side hustle and it's going well and you're like what about this side hustle test it like answer that question now if you have a side hustle and it's like you're not sleeping because you're just cashing all these checks and customers are beating down your door you're not gonna be thinking about oh what about this shiny object like you've got product market fit that's a signal right so just chase the signals chase the curiosities because you're gonna learn something over here that you're able to apply over here that no 1 else has ever thought of because they weren't doing these 7 other things like you were
so net of net i'd like if i gun to my head i think you will be more wealthy if you do 1 thing but you're more likely to be miserable and not have an enjoyable life
yes so focus actually does work but it's not the only way and it's a lot of fun to not focus is actually what i mean you you have a similar thing i'm gonna read you this i want you to to give a little take on it you said say yes to everything take on way too much increase your capacity for stress and let parkinson's law do its job most people have no clue what they are capable of because they don't take on too much and they never stress test their life and you have something called the restaurant hostess analogy can you explain that a little bit
yeah let's say you're you're a hostess at a michelin star restaurant in new york manhattan you're slammed 24 7 people coming in and out people yelling whatever and then you've got a hostess in des moines iowa in a diner and they're usually pretty slow and then you know a soccer team pulls up and like oh table for 15 and she's like oh my gosh table for 15 oh jeez what do i do like to to the woman in new york like that's nothing that's nothing because that's her norm that's her her new baseline right so most people that i talk to are like oh i could never run a facebook ad campaign because i have to clip my toenails that afternoon like what like they don't like they're not doing enough they they think that like the barometer is down here and they think people like elon musk are just he's an alien that's not even realistic and it's like no he just like took on way too much and and
now he's able to do way more than ever before because the less important things just kinda fall off the plate that's parkinson's law you you you bite off way more than you can chew and if you forget about it then that's a signal that it was worth forgetting about yeah
i think that if you ask people honestly you said what percent of your potential are you tapping into i think that's a pretty scary question for most people because the answer is not gonna be what you would want it to be very few people i know right like you almost have to be very low self awareness to be like a 100% right the answer is not a 100% right i think david goggins has said this about when he trains and he says like you know the moment where your brain is ready to quit when it's over your body still has 30% left like the brain quits before the body and the brain will stop you as a safety mechanism when you still have 30% left to give and i don't know if the number is right but i think directionally he's correct when it comes to like what you're physically capable of and then in terms of what you're you know creatively or ambitiously capable of i think it's kind of the same thing i think it's probably even a worse ratio than that i think most people are tapping into less than 30% of what they're capable of doing and it doesn't mean you necessarily need to work a hundred hours i think it's just like your capacity to output and to be creative and to go for it and go for it with full force on the things that you're trying to go for and maybe it's maybe it is take on an extra project or maybe it is but sometimes it's just go faster sometimes it's just think bigger and the you know these all sound cliche but they're yeah they are they are cliche for a reason they've been around for thousands of years because i think humans tend to have this problem where you know we don't actually tap into you know how fast we can go how big we can go you know what what truly going for it looks like without you know the fears doubts and hesitations that people have and
so i i agree with you you know are you are you a family guy as well like i guess like you're doing a bunch of these businesses is that because you're you know the counterargument is well yeah you're 21 years old and you don't have kids and a mortgage you know that would be a way that somebody would maybe try to discredit the amount of output that you have
yeah i mean i've i've got 4 kids i had all 4 kids between the ages of 23 and 29 and i was building all these businesses throughout that time i never miss dinner i travel very rarely i never miss a sporting event and i'm in my office you know from 7 to 4 give or take working sometimes i pop out to hang out with the kids but i think it's important that my kids see me work but it's also obviously important that i spend time with them so we go on a lot of vacations 4 to 6 a year we've seen all 50 states we go all over the world you can do both period right i think it's important for my kids to see me work unfortunately my work just looks like me talking and laughing with friends and
so i don't think they get it i don't think that's accurate what about what about you know you said you're building your family and you worked let's say the 7 to 4 what are you doing during that 7 to 4 to make those hours count for more than maybe the average person is doing so like how what do you do to have more productivity or more effect in those same number of hours like how how do you structure your day what are some things that you you've noticed you do maybe better or differently than the average average entrepreneurial bear
yeah the perfect day for me is nothing on my calendar i definitely time batch like if i have 7 calls that week i'll try to put them all in the same afternoon i think a lot of people kinda feel insecure about having an open calendar because it's like it's kind of like a comfort blanket like okay now i know i'll be productive today right right but when you have so many ideas like right but when you have so many ideas like so many ad campaigns i wanna run or newsletters i wanna write like i don't have time filling i i don't have problem filling my time and
so i i don't use any fancy crm notion or anything if a tab is open in my browser it's a to do list when i close it it's done my notes app a lot of caffeine admittedly and i don't worry about context switching i used to really stress like alright we could do this for 30 minutes do this don't context switch like i feel like with anything in life we we can evolve to it we can become a lot more acclimated to it and so i'm always context switching always and right i feel i feel like i'm good at it because i've done it
so
much another 1 of your beliefs you said the longer i'm in business the more i realize this to be true if you want to be a billionaire you gotta innovate and focus but to be a millionaire you simply need to copy paste don't even try to copy something that works and put your own twist on it no twist stop twisting just copy what's working and organically over time you'll discover the tweaks on your own but you don't have to lead with all the twists or you'll just screw it up
yeah i think there should be like there needs to be a school or something on reverse engineering like it is an underrated skill i'm in like the meta ads library and the web archive all the time let's say there was this taco restaurant that just in my town that had a line around the corner 24 7 and they all they sold were steak tacos that's it and you said alright they've got more demand than supply alright this town could use another taco shop alright i'm gonna copy them i'm gonna do it even better people want more variety they want steak and chicken and there's no drinks you can't even get drinks there i'm gonna do this i'm gonna do that every change you make is another variable to like to screwing it up risk a risky variable yeah like you you're gonna you're let's say you copy them verbatim and you open you're gonna learn really quickly oh 0 they're probably using that as their point of sale and not that oh this is why because the onions they have to separate them from the meat oh like you're gonna learn all these things that are gonna force you to have to change things but if you do that before you know if that copying works or not you're just gonna increase the likelihood of of screwing it up and thus not being successful that's interesting you know mohnish fabrai who's come on this podcast a couple times has this phrase he he calls it being a shameless a shameless cloner and
so he says you know i'm a shameless clone of the buffett and munger philosophy i you know i claim to have no no good ideas except for 1 which is you know to copy the good ideas that already exist out there if i hear a good idea i i take it on as my own right and he talks about you know the dumbest person in the world is the gas station across the street from a more successful gas station he's like because you know you see that guy and that guy comes out when a customer's there and he washes their windows for them and he prices it a certain way and he's uses certain bright lights so that he's more visible at night you have to be a real idiot to be across the street see that guy doing it and then for your own stubbornness not just do those things implement those best practices and
so pride yeah yeah pride and i and i think there's like you know a version of that in business and like you said you will organically end up putting your own twists on the business but you you know you bring up an interesting point which is that baking in all those twists upfront is a bit of unnecessary risk i think there's a view that entrepreneurs are risk takers when actually they're risk minimizers and you know they're trying to take as little risk as is necessary but but are willing to take the necessary risks in order to do something unless there's like you know a a big asymmetric reward for it they're not gonna do it mhmm and
so you know i think that you're right and i think that this is very true for especially at like the local level and service level like this is not true if you're trying to be a founder go through yc build the next big thing the next breakout app which is gonna be you know the next social network you can't just copy facebook it's not gonna work right the next the next ride sharing service can't just be uber right they do have to innovate they do have to do self driving cars
like
a waymo or something like that so this advice does not apply to people who are playing what i call the business olympics where they're trying to do the stuff that's like global greatness move the world forward disrupt a totally an industry yes you absolutely do need to be innovative there but in terms of people who are trying to become financially free you know working backwards is not a bad way to go i i have a very annoying phrase i say a bunch which is in my companies anytime we have run into an issue and people are bitching and moaning about it i just say well we're probably not the first ones to have this problem right because it's
so true and you're an ecom business and suddenly you have this supply chain problem well guess what a thousand or a million other ecommerce business have had that same problem and they figured out a way to solve it so what did they do let's start with that i was talking to actually a friend yesterday who's yeah this guy's almost a billionaire and he's in the real estate game and he's just crushed it on real estate on his own and now for the first time after 15 years he's raising money for his projects he'd never wanted to do it he always wanted to use his own capital but you know finally sort of relented and realized okay i could do bigger scale and do more projects if i if i raise capital from other people not just use my own personal balance sheet and
so i told him i was like you know he's giving me all his ideas about how he's gonna raise money and i'll go dude every real estate guy i know raises money have you first looked at what they did like why are you trying to figure this out on your own that's the hard way there's no bonus points for doing this the hard way like let's just start by reverse engineering what other people do like go talk to 5 to 10 other people who've already done this see if there's a common blueprint go try that and only innovate where needed along the way when you run into some bottlenecks or some walls that you hit along the way of trying to implement that plan because for most business problems you can just ask the question like has anybody else ever solved this and what do they do and turns out it's almost always like it's very common there's a common problem there is a common solution and we should try that first yeah like we we place our innovation on the wrong thing we place it on the features and the benefits when we should be placing it on being innovative about copying how they're doing what they're doing we had a 3 p l and you know 3 p l's right and it's like the worst nobody likes their 3 p l it's it's impossible and
so we saw all the other 3 p l's out there when we launched and we're like oh my gosh they charge for storage and pick and pack and this and that and they mark up shipping these guys are idiots it's so confusing so we set out to like innovate the industry simple flat pricing and like at the end of that 2 year experience like we looked like all the other 3 p l's because we're like okay oh 0 they charge for storage because some companies go out of business and then they're left with this big bill and they don't oh that's why like so that's another signal is if you see other competitors in your industry and your first thought is like they're
so stupid why are they doing it this way probably for a reason
like you just haven't learned that reason yet especially if they're successful right don't copy somebody who's failing but if they're successful you can start with that and say alright can i do that as well and you know the reason i like this idea is because this is not the only way to win i spent most of my life playing in the innovation space and i really love that it's super fun to be creative and to come up with the idea that feels really satisfying when you've you're the first to do something that's a i mean that's amazing i'm very proud of that whenever i've tried to do that but it that gets talked about a lot because again it sounds super noble and i think that does work but there are many ways to win and what i like about what you're saying is that it is another way to win you say oh wow those guys did that gutter cleaning service using nextdoor and their neighborhood in massachusetts i should do that in my neighborhood in california
let me start with that and and i and i think that more people should do that if they wanna actually like be successful and because that is another way to win it's not the only way but it's another way
yeah it's the midwimp meme all over again right
right
my my first business was yeah i i read about this iphone repair shop making $30 a month and i thought i can make $30 a month fixing iphones in my city like it's kind of an ignorant thought but it worked and i did you know so you you gotta you gotta you gotta be dumb like i like i am
chris this is fun man i we still have like half of the doc of other ideas in small business and like you know random businesses that you've come across that we could go for i think maybe maybe we do a part 2 if people like this 1 to have chris back if you if you like chris either tweet at me or put it in the youtube comments it would be best that you know bring him back because i think this is a lot of fun i really love the little nooks and crannies of the economy that you go looking in to find these you know stump grinding or the hole in 1 business or the shipping container for for wine tours like you know this is fun stuff that i think you know sometimes on this podcast to be honest we have brilliant people talking about what you can do with ai and what you could do with x y z and that's great i love that stuff but those aren't episodes i can send to my sister or my mom because those businesses are kind of out of reach for what they wanna do but i i think what's cool about you know the businesses you talk about you know your pickleball court this is stuff that anybody could do chris thanks for coming on maybe give people a shout shout out your your twitter your podcast whatever you want people to go check out yeah the kerner office podcast is where i publish 3 times a week spelled like my last name and it's on your hat
so that's right never miss it out on k0podd.com yes always be promoting
that's right
alright man thanks for coming on thanks sean
alright so when my employees join hampton we have them do a whole bunch of onboarding stuff but the most important thing that they do is they go through this thing i made called copy that copy that is a thing that i made that teaches people how to write better and the reason this is important is because at work or even just in life we communicate mostly via text right now whether we're emailing slacking blogging texting whatever most of the ways that we're communicating is by the written word and so i made this thing called copy that that's guaranteed to make you write better you could check it out copythat.com i post every single person who leaves a review whether it's good or bad i post it on the website and you're gonna see a trend which is that this is a very very very simple exercise something that's
so simple that they laugh at they think how is this gonna actually impact us and make us write better but i promise you it does you gotta try it at copythat.com i guarantee it's gonna change the way you write again copythat.com